0; languages spoken, written, or signed; language(s) that a person speaks, writes or signs, including the native language(s)
1; cause of death; underlying or immediate cause of death.  Underlying cause (e.g. car accident, stomach cancer) preferred.  Use 'manner of death' (P1196) for broadest category, e.g. natural causes, accident, homicide, suicide
2; member of; organization, musical group, or club to which the subject belongs. Do not use for membership in ethnic or social groups, nor for holding a position such as a member of parliament (use P39 for that).
3; occupation; occupation of a person; see also "field of work" (Property:P101), "position held" (Property:P39)
4; sibling; the subject has the object as their sibling (brother, sister, etc.). Use "relative" (P1038) for siblings-in-law (brother-in-law, sister-in-law, etc.) and step-siblings (step-brothers, step-sisters, etc.)
5; diplomatic relation; diplomatic relations of the country
6; continent; continent of which the subject is a part
7; ethnic group; subject's ethnicity (consensus is that a VERY high standard of proof is needed for this field to be used. In general this means 1) the subject claims it themself, or 2) it is widely agreed on by scholars, or 3) is fictional and portrayed as such)
8; country of citizenship; the object is a country that recognizes the subject as its citizen
9; employer; person or organization for which the subject works or worked
10; educated at; educational institution attended by subject
11; place of birth; most specific known (e.g. city instead of country, or hospital instead of city) birth location of a person, animal or fictional character
12; influenced by; this person, idea, etc. is informed by that other person, idea, etc., e.g. "Heidegger was influenced by Aristotle".
13; field of work; specialization of a person or organization; see P106 for the occupation
14; genre; creative work's genre or an artist's field of work (P101). Use main subject (P921) to relate creative works to their topic
15; record label; brand and trademark associated with the marketing of subject music recordings and music videos
16; instrument; musical instrument that a person plays
17; official language; language designated as official by this item
18; unmarried partner; someone with whom the person is in a relationship without being married. Use "spouse" (P26) for married couples
19; place of death; most specific known (e.g. city instead of country, or hospital instead of city) death location of a person, animal or fictional character
20; country; sovereign state of this item; don't use on humans
21; religion; religion of a person, organization or religious building, or associated with this subject
22; movement; literary, artistic, scientific or philosophical movement or scene associated with this person or work
23; residence; the place where the person is or has been, resident
24; spouse; the subject has the object as their spouse (husband, wife, partner, etc.). Use "unmarried partner" (P451) for non-married companions
25; member of political party; the political party of which this politician is or has been a member
26; place of burial; location of grave, resting place, place of ash-scattering, etc, (e.g. town/city or cemetery) for a person or animal. There may be several places: e.g. re-burials, cenotaphs, parts of body buried separately.
27; part of; object of which the subject is a part (if this subject is already part of object A which is a part of object B, then please only make the subject part of object A). Inverse property of "has part" (P527, see also "has parts of the class" (P2670)).
28; medical condition; any state relevant to the health of an organism, including diseases and positive conditions
29; child; subject has object as biological, foster, and/or adoptive child
30; time period; time period (historic period or era, sports season, theatre season, legislative period etc.) in which the subject occurred
31; headquarters location; specific location where an organization's headquarters is or has been situated. Inverse property of "occupant" (P466).
32; narrative location; the narrative of the work is set in this location
33; location of formation; location where a group or organization was formed
34; head of state; official with the highest formal authority in a country/state
35; named after; entity or event that inspired the subject's name, or namesake (in at least one language). Qualifier "applies to name" (P5168) can be used to indicate which one
36; parent organization; parent organization of an organization, opposite of subsidiaries (P355)
37; notable works; notable scientific, artistic or literary work, or other work of significance among subject's works
38; cast member; actor in the subject production [use "character role" (P453) and/or "name of the character role" (P4633) as qualifiers] [use "voice actor" (P725) for voice-only role]
39; founded by; founder or co-founder of this organization, religion or place
40; country of origin; country of origin of this item (creative work, food, phrase, product, etc.)
41; practiced by; type of agents that study this subject or work in this profession
